README.md, before:

# Bitcoindevkit by Example 😎

<p style="text-align: right; height: 0px">
  <button class="btn js-toggle-dark-mode" style="position: relative; top: -3rem">Come to the dark side</button>
</p>

<br/>
<br/>

# bdk-cli
There are a few ways to use `bdk-cli`:

### 1. Building from source
By cloning the repo, building the library, and calling the resulting executable like so:

```sh
git clone https://github.com/bitcoindevkit/bdk-cli.git
cargo run -- --descriptor "wpkh(tpubEBr4i6yk5nf5DAaJpsi9N2pPYBeJ7fZ5Z9rmN4977iYLCGco1VyjB9tvvuvYtfZzjD5A8igzgw3HeWeeKFmanHYqksqZXYXGsw5zjnj7KM9/*)" sync
```
The first set of double dashes indicates to cargo that what follows are arguments to send to the executable.

<br>

### 2. Installing the binary directly from crates.io
By installing the binaries directly from crates.io and calling the cli like so:

```sh
cargo install bdk-cli
bdk-cli --descriptor "wpkh(tpubEBr4i6yk5nf5DAaJpsi9N2pPYBeJ7fZ5Z9rmN4977iYLCGco1VyjB9tvvuvYtfZzjD5A8igzgw3HeWeeKFmanHYqksqZXYXGsw5zjnj7KM9/*)" sync  
```

<br>

### 3. REPL
By entering the repl like this:

```sh
cargo install bdk-cli
bdk-cli --descriptor "wpkh(tpubEBr4i6yk5nf5DAaJpsi9N2pPYBeJ7fZ5Z9rmN4977iYLCGco1VyjB9tvvuvYtfZzjD5A8igzgw3HeWeeKFmanHYqksqZXYXGsw5zjnj7KM9/*)" repl  
```
The repl allows you to set the descriptor once and enter a read-eval-print-loop, where the cli tool will allow you to enter as many subcommands as you wish until you break out of the loop. It looks something like this:

```sh
bdk-cli --descriptor "wpkh(tpubEBr4i6yk5nf5DAaJpsi9N2pPYBeJ7fZ5Z9rmN4977iYLCGco1VyjB9tvvuvYtfZzjD5A8igzgw3HeWeeKFmanHYqksqZXYXGsw5zjnj7KM9/*)" repl  

>> sync
{}

>> list_transactions
[
  {
    "fees": 205,
    "height": 1903506,
    "received": 1580,
    "sent": 0,
    "timestamp": 1610371954,
    "transaction": null,
    "txid": "5a583f5f41eff6009a36bc0ad7fcbec494ac7f0719707dd4dd0f8fddbb3e0b26"
  }
]

>> get_new_address
{
  "address": "tb1q4er7kxx6sssz3q7qp7zsqsdx4erceahhax77d7"
}
```

<br>

## Example Wallet

The examples below make use of the following testnet BIP84 wallet:
```
damage urban exercise recipe company execute ship damage offer point cereal exclude
```

Using [Ian Coleman's online tool](https://iancoleman.io/bip39/), we find that the BIP32 root key associated with the mnemonic backup is
```
tprv8ZgxMBicQKsPdTayefG3Up8B1Rq3AwqQDfvEjt6oJCCwse3s79er2hYn8erb4rTgddL55SGKa8TjkoytzZXc7Kj4BLZwu2rzCFbE1KMfQtF
```

This means the descriptor for a BIP84 bitcoin testnet wallet, account 0, receive addresses would be:
```sh
wpkh(tprv8ZgxMBicQKsPdTayefG3Up8B1Rq3AwqQDfvEjt6oJCCwse3s79er2hYn8erb4rTgddL55SGKa8TjkoytzZXc7Kj4BLZwu2rzCFbE1KMfQtF/84'/1'/0'/0/*)
```

## Basic commands
```sh
bdk-cli --descriptor "wpkh(tprv8ZgxMBicQKsPdTayefG3Up8B1Rq3AwqQDfvEjt6oJCCwse3s79er2hYn8erb4rTgddL55SGKa8TjkoytzZXc7Kj4BLZwu2rzCFbE1KMfQtF/84'/1'/0'/0/*)" sync
```

# bdk-jni












<script>
const toggleDarkMode = document.querySelector('.js-toggle-dark-mode');

jtd.addEvent(toggleDarkMode, 'click', function(){
  if (jtd.getTheme() === 'dark') {
    jtd.setTheme('light');
    toggleDarkMode.textContent = 'Come to the dark side';
  } else {
    jtd.setTheme('dark');
    toggleDarkMode.textContent = 'Return to the light side';
  }
});
</script>

Commit message:

Add wallet creation and sync section

README.md, after:

# Bitcoindevkit by Example 😎

<p style="text-align: right; height: 0px">
  <button class="btn js-toggle-dark-mode" style="position: relative; top: -3rem">Come to the dark side</button>
</p>

<br/>
<br/>

# bdk-cli
There are a few ways to use `bdk-cli`:

### 1. Building from source
By cloning the repo, building the library, and calling the resulting executable like so:

```sh
git clone https://github.com/bitcoindevkit/bdk-cli.git
cargo run -- --descriptor "wpkh(tpubEBr4i6yk5nf5DAaJpsi9N2pPYBeJ7fZ5Z9rmN4977iYLCGco1VyjB9tvvuvYtfZzjD5A8igzgw3HeWeeKFmanHYqksqZXYXGsw5zjnj7KM9/*)" sync
```
The first set of double dashes indicates to cargo that what follows are arguments to send to the executable.

<br>

### 2. Installing the binary directly from crates.io
By installing the binaries directly from crates.io and calling the cli like so:

```sh
cargo install bdk-cli
bdk-cli --descriptor "wpkh(tpubEBr4i6yk5nf5DAaJpsi9N2pPYBeJ7fZ5Z9rmN4977iYLCGco1VyjB9tvvuvYtfZzjD5A8igzgw3HeWeeKFmanHYqksqZXYXGsw5zjnj7KM9/*)" sync  
```

<br>

### 3. REPL
By entering the repl like this:

```sh
cargo install bdk-cli
bdk-cli --descriptor "wpkh(tpubEBr4i6yk5nf5DAaJpsi9N2pPYBeJ7fZ5Z9rmN4977iYLCGco1VyjB9tvvuvYtfZzjD5A8igzgw3HeWeeKFmanHYqksqZXYXGsw5zjnj7KM9/*)" repl  
```
The repl allows you to set the descriptor once and enter a read-eval-print-loop, where the cli tool will allow you to enter as many subcommands as you wish until you break out of the loop. It looks something like this:

```sh
bdk-cli --descriptor "wpkh(tpubEBr4i6yk5nf5DAaJpsi9N2pPYBeJ7fZ5Z9rmN4977iYLCGco1VyjB9tvvuvYtfZzjD5A8igzgw3HeWeeKFmanHYqksqZXYXGsw5zjnj7KM9/*)" repl  

>> sync
{}

>> list_transactions
[
  {
    "fees": 205,
    "height": 1903506,
    "received": 1580,
    "sent": 0,
    "timestamp": 1610371954,
    "transaction": null,
    "txid": "5a583f5f41eff6009a36bc0ad7fcbec494ac7f0719707dd4dd0f8fddbb3e0b26"
  }
]

>> get_new_address
{
  "address": "tb1q4er7kxx6sssz3q7qp7zsqsdx4erceahhax77d7"
}
```

<br>

## Example Wallet

The examples below make use of the following _testnet_ BIP84 wallet:
```
damage urban exercise recipe company execute ship damage offer point cereal exclude
```

Using [Ian Coleman's online tool](https://iancoleman.io/bip39/), we find that the BIP32 root key associated with the mnemonic backup is
```
tprv8ZgxMBicQKsPdTayefG3Up8B1Rq3AwqQDfvEjt6oJCCwse3s79er2hYn8erb4rTgddL55SGKa8TjkoytzZXc7Kj4BLZwu2rzCFbE1KMfQtF
```

This means the descriptor for a BIP84 bitcoin testnet, account 0, series of receive addresses would be:
```sh
wpkh(tprv8ZgxMBicQKsPdTayefG3Up8B1Rq3AwqQDfvEjt6oJCCwse3s79er2hYn8erb4rTgddL55SGKa8TjkoytzZXc7Kj4BLZwu2rzCFbE1KMfQtF/84'/1'/0'/0/*)
```
<br>

## Creating and Syncing a Wallet

Sync your wallet to the blockchain:
```sh
bdk-cli --descriptor "wpkh(tprv8ZgxMBicQKsPdTayefG3Up8B1Rq3AwqQDfvEjt6oJCCwse3s79er2hYn8erb4rTgddL55SGKa8TjkoytzZXc7Kj4BLZwu2rzCFbE1KMfQtF/84'/1'/0'/0/*)" sync
```

The moment you give `bdk-cli` a descriptor, it creates a wallet for you in a small [`sled`]() database located at `~/.bdk-bitcoin/` on your machine. This wallet has a default name of _main_, and if you try and give bdk a new command but with a different descriptor (say you want to test with multiple wallets at once), it will throw an error, since the new descriptor will not match the currently existing 'main' wallet in the database.

The way to play with multiple wallets at once is to name them as they are being created and as they are being used. The command above could be modified like so:

```sh
bdk-cli --wallet "testwalletnumber1" --descriptor "wpkh(tprv8ZgxMBicQKsPdTayefG3Up8B1Rq3AwqQDfvEjt6oJCCwse3s79er2hYn8erb4rTgddL55SGKa8TjkoytzZXc7Kj4BLZwu2rzCFbE1KMfQtF/84'/1'/0'/0/*)" sync
```
which will create a wallet called `testwalletnumber1` in the database. If you are dealing with multiple wallets, you must provide the `--wallet` option every time, unless you wish to use the default wallet.

# bdk-jni


<script>
const toggleDarkMode = document.querySelector('.js-toggle-dark-mode');

jtd.addEvent(toggleDarkMode, 'click', function(){
  if (jtd.getTheme() === 'dark') {
    jtd.setTheme('light');
    toggleDarkMode.textContent = 'Come to the dark side';
  } else {
    jtd.setTheme('dark');
    toggleDarkMode.textContent = 'Return to the light side';
  }
});
</script>
